+SUNRISE
:A beautiful Saturday morning in Pittsburgh.

:What a beautiful day outside.

:Birds are singing, flowers are blooming...

~On days like these, folks like you...
* Should be sleeping til noon
> noon
* Should be out for a walk
> walk

= noon
:...you would rather take a longer nap.

:Indeed. Why wouldn't you? Sleep is important.

:You recall the horrifying words that Reviewer 2 had to say about your submission.
"Lack of novelty", they said. "Needs more experiments". Oh wow. 

+SUNRISE_DIM
:But the rebuttal is over now. You deserve rest. A long rest. Before the next deadline, that is.

+SUNRISE_DIMMER
:Your eyes have closed again before you could realize. Drowsiness hits your head. The world turns darker.

:Inside that darkness, there is a pelican, flying across the lake. Stars start emerging from the dark sky.

:The pelican flaps its wings faster. You can feel the wind weaving through their feathers.

+SUNRISE_DIMMEST
:The pelican flaps even faster, their webbed feet swinging below their belly. It is swinging faster, rotating.

:Feet still swinging, cycling. It looks wrong. It is riding a bicycle. The pelican is wearing a cyclist's helmet. Pelican is riding a bike.

:Damn, it is one of those stupid viral AI posts except you don't remember seeing it. What is even going on?

+DARK
:The daymare hallucination goes on. Sleeping too much may be a bad idea, too.

> END

= walk
:...you would go for a walk.

:Indeed. What better time to take a big walk than now, after those stressful works are finally over?
:No more deadlines, no more writings, no more rebuttals. You deserve rest. For just a weekend, that is.

~But a weekend is a weekend. You would go for a walk, yes...
* Let's go for a walk.
> walk2
* Let's go for a Big Walk(TM)!
> walk3

= walk2
+BIG WALK
:You open Steam and start Big Walk by House House. You've been wanting to play this game for so long, but there was never enough time. Not anymore!

:...But then you recall this is a co-op game, and none of your Steam friends are awake so early in the morning...

:Perhaps Big Walk is best for the next time. Let's touch some real grass instead.

> walk3
= walk3
+SCHENLEY1
:There is no better place around to touch some grass than Schenley Park.

:It is the park right outside the university campus. They call it a park, but most of it is really just forest that escaped urbanization.

:Driveways and roads cut through the parks; just beneath those roads, there are those trails, quiet, winding through the hills, perfect for a walk.

:You enter the park from Porter Hall. 
Just under the trees on the lawns there, you see some tiny birds chirping and feeding.

:These are house sparrows, not to be confused with American tree sparrows and Eurasian tree sparrows and song sparrows.
House sparrows exhibit dimorphism, unlike Eurasian tree sparrows and song sparrows; and American tree sparrows are still breeding in the north right now.

:As you walk up the hills on the lawn, you see more sparrows pecking the ground.

:Suddenly, the tiny birds dispersed! You hear something that scared away the birds. Was that the sound of a hawk? Seeing a hawk would be really lucky...

~You decided to...
* Look up high into the sky.
> bluejay1
* Look into the trees.
> bluejay2

= bluejay1
:You looked high up. The sky is beautifully blue. You squeezed your eyes; but despite your best effort, you couldn't spot a hawk or anything like that.

:Are they simply too high up? Or perhaps you misheard?

* Might as well continue.
> walk4
= bluejay2
:For just one moment, your mind got distracted and you looked into the trees. You see something blue there.

:It is a blue jay. While you were staring, you heard that hawk sound again. It's actually a blue jay.

:You remember reading some stories about blue jays mimicking the sound of predatory birds to scare off competitors. Could that be the case?

:Regardless, the blue jay does look very cute. Oh, it flew away.
> walk4

= walk4
~The walk shall continue. There are a few paths you can take here. Which direction should you go?
* To the Westinghouse memorial
> memorial1
* Down the bridge
> tufa1

= memorial1
:After walking up and down again, you reached the Westinghouse memorial.

:You see some birds hanging around the pond. They look like house finches. Adult male finches have the unmistakable red plumage.

:House finches are native to Western United States. They are introduced here, just like the birds with "Euro" in their names. Speaking of Euros...

:Isn't that a European Starling there? Distinctively dark, yet shiny feather. Pokey beak.
:They are more common on the streets and open fields than in the woods, but here they are; an unlikely but interesting sighting.

= memorial2
:You went down the hills and stepped on the memorial trail. You didn't know the trail has a name until you looked it up on Google Map.

:The trail is quiet. Just you and the nature. Occasionally some jogging guy would say hello to you though.

WOODPECKER
CARDINAL


= tufa1
cedar waxwing

> END



